dr. flips standards great passion his
lies he studies them tracks them and
even things like them
that was a print that was a pregnant
they definitely crouch down and they and
you can see the feet placement are very
careful you can almost see the toes are
sort of pristine it's like they're
stretching and at this point just after
they get into the opening they split up
for months flip found nothing but tracks
this was a frustrating campaign in a
place where the heat is intense enough
to crack rock
[Music]
even Oryx the hardy desert specialists
and the handful of giraffe that live
here have a tough time
it was certain months of patient
tracking before the elusive desert
phantoms finally took shade he was able
to put a radio color on one lioness then
- but just following them seemed
impossible
the animals were shy and the boulder
fields impossible a far cry from the
Serengeti
where lands can be followed easily day
and night flipz best hope was to take to
the air
even this was fraught in a landscape
that Dwarfs everything
eventually the first two lines led to
more flip had made a momentous discovery
there was a surviving pride of desert
lands and it had found refuge in a
remote canyon this was the first time
that anyone had been able to get a
really good look at the world's most
unusual lands it was clear from the
start that their behavior was out of the
ordinary in the first sort of three or
four years I documented the most
outrageous growth rate it was in excess
of 30 percent per annum and all really
driven by for adult lionesses the only
word to describe them would be like
breeding machines because that's that's
just what they were not only this more
Cubs were surviving to adulthood than
elsewhere in Africa this once
beleaguered group of lands was staging
an extraordinary comeback and it allowed
them to fan out into areas they hadn't
been seen in for over 20 years
[Music]
you